yeah everyone we are on tour Steve I
story of light world tour today we're in
Wilmington Delaware it's a town with it
some like that trying to catch up on
some tour documentary type stuff so as
always we start back here and rest room
over here enough said let's take a
little walk shall we
what are you doing to you huh 42 what
does that feel makes the nylon larger
and you put it in and then you have a
region instead of changing them
you
what are you doing
nothing day when you're stirring hi
Steve sir and make sure that he's very
sad its way ready to rock
alright so it's a quick walkthrough of
everything and when things are not so
busy will actually stop talk to each
person take a look at all the gear all
that good stuff see ya